import/import-url/update: --no-download improvements (#3930)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/import-url.md

  default file name: `<file>.dvc`, where `<file>` is the desired file name of
  the imported data (`out`).

- `--no-exec` - create the import `.dvc` file without accessing `url` (assumes
  that the data source is valid). This is useful if you need to define the
  project imports quickly, and import the data later (use `dvc update` to finish
  the operation(s)).

- `--no-download` - create the import `.dvc` file including
  [hash values](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvc-files#dependency-entries)

>   for the remote file but without downloading the associated data. This is

Author: done

  you need track changes in remote data without using local storage space (yet).

>   the data can be downloaded later using `dvc pull`, but this will fail if the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The data can be downloaded later using `dvc pull`, but this will fail if the
```

  fail if the `url` no longer matches the hash values. File hashes can be

>   updated using `dvc update --no-download`.

Reviewer: Maybe we should just say "See also `dvc update(-url) --no-download` at the end of these paragraphs.

  default file name: `<file>.dvc`, where `<file>` is the desired file name of
  the imported data (`out`).

- `--no-exec` - create the import `.dvc` file without accessing `url` (assumes
  that the data source is valid). This is useful if you need to define the
  project imports quickly, and import the data later (use `dvc update` to finish
  the operation(s)).

- `--no-download` - create the import `.dvc` file including

>   [hash values](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvc-files#output-entries) for

Reviewer: Wait. Should this link to https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvc-files#dependency-entries, actually? What hash values are calculated here (for `deps` or for `outs`)?

Author: Indeed, that's an error on me: I meant to link to the deps table, the link you posted. The included hash values are etag/checksum for the deps section.

>   [hash values](https://dvc.org/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvc-files#output-entries)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  [hash values](/doc/user-guide/project-structure/dvc-files#output-entries)
```

  the remote file but without downloading the associated data. This is useful if

>   you need track changes in remote data but do not (yet) need to download data
>   to the local workspace. Data can be later downloaded using `dvc pull`, but
>   will fail if the data matching the file's hash values is no longer available.
>   When remote data changes, file hashes in the `.dvc` file can be updated using
>   `dvc update --no-download`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  you need track changes in remote data without using local storage space (yet).
  the data can be downloaded later using `dvc pull`, but this
  will fail if the `url` no longer matches the hash values.
  File hashes can be updated using
  `dvc update --no-download`.
```
